[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Welcome to Pop Team
Epic Tonight !
Today, we have a special
guest, the Earth!
Now, hang on a sec.
If the Earth is here,
what are we all on right now?
Ah, so you've
finally realized it.
What?
Everything you know
is a simulation.
All a simulation...
[PIPIMI] Have you ever heard the
tale about this strange bell?
It appears on the cape
just once each summer,
and if two people ring the bell,
they're bound together
in love for eternity.
[singing in Japanese]
[MALE PROTAG]
Today's our entrance ceremony.
The day my youth
begins for real!
My goal is to get
a cute girlfriend.
Just kidding.
A real man concentrates on his
studies first and foremost.
Come on! Are you trying
to make us late, or what?
[MALE PROTAG] This scary girl
is my childhood friend.
Well, not like either of us
had any choice there.
Man, I've got no
luck with chicks.
Ah, jeez! You're a real pain
in the you-know-what!
I feel sorry for your
poor future wife!
[MALE PROTAG]
Sorry, sheesh.
I'll buy you something
on our way home,
so get off my back, okay?
Yeah, as if!
I know you've already
spent all your allowance
for the whole month!
[MALE PROTAG] Whoops,
you're right. I am the worst.
Jeez!
See? We were almost late
on the first day of school!
[MALE PROTAG] Whew! Well, we
made it just in time, didn't we?
[thud]
[MALE PROTAG]
Whoa. She's so cute!
Are you all right?
Oh! You're bleeding.
[MALE PROTAG]
Ah, No need to worry. I'm a man.
I'm sorry about the
super-girly handkerchief,
but the bleeding's stopped now.
[MALE PROTAG]
Uh, right.
Bo-yo-yoing.
Wipe that look off your face.
Jeez, you're hopeless.
Wait, it's you!
We're on the tennis
team together.
I guess we go to
the same school!
Wow, it's so great to see you!
Wow!
Who knew we would end up at
the same school?! How exciting!
[MALE PROTAG] Hold on, you mean
you know this super-hot babe?
Ugh, saying the quiet
part out loud?
I mean, come on, you know she's
way too good for you, right?
[MALE PROTAG]
Throw me a bone here!
My goddess, O Great
Childhood Friend,
please grant this lowly
chap that girl's digits,
pwetty, pwetty pwease?!
Heh. I can hear you.
[bell rings]
[MALE PROTAG]
Ah, how can fate be so cruel?
Naturally, that
freaking smoke show
would be the student council
president every guy wants.
Looks like I've got my
work cut out for me.
Senpai!
[MALE PROTAG] Uh! Hey!
No middle school kids allowed!
Only adults around here.
Look at you, playing grown up!
Silly me, I thought you would've
forgotten all about me!
[MALE PROTAG]
You dummy.
Like I could ever forget
the adorable face
of my underclassman.
I'm the best big bro you
could ask for, remember?
[giggles] You never change,
ya stupid dumb-dumb.
So, loser, did you get
a girlfriend yet?
[MALE PROTAG]
Don't bring that up.
You're gonna make
me cry. Boo-hoo.
You know, if you'd just
wait another year,
then maybe I could--
Oh, um, never mind!
[MALE PROTAG]
Hm? Did you say something?
[POPUKO]
See ya later, Senpai!
[MALE PROTAG]
Good grief.
Oh, crap! The school
store's gonna be packed!
D'oh! No! Everything's sold out.
Sorry 'bout that.
We're feedin' lots of
growing kids here.
Yep. You snooze you
lose, loser! Yep.
[MALE PROTAG] Tch. If I starve
to death, I'll haunt you!
[PIPIMI]
Hey, there. Are you hungry?
[MALE PROTAG]
Huh?
Who the heck is
this gluten fiend?
Is she really gonna eat
all that bread by herself?
Do you... want some?
[MALE PROTAG] Heh. Save it
for meals on wheels.
I haven't sunk so low that
I need chick charity!
[stomach growls]
[giggles] Uh-oh. Your tummy.
[MALE PROTAG]
Damn it, stomach!
How dare you embarrass
me like that!
[MALE PROTAG] No, um,
you've got the wrong idea.
Here. It's my personal favorite.
[MALE PROTAG]
What the heck? Custard bread?
It's delicious.
See ya 'round.
[MALE PROTAG]
"See ya 'round," huh?
I might be imagining it,
but it feels like my
time's finally come.
Does this mean, my days of wine
and roses have begun at last?
[MALE PROTAG chuckles]
[MALE PROTAG] Whoa! There are
even more girls over there!
This school rules!
[MALE PROTAG] Hey, girls,
what are you talkin' about?
Lookin' for a hot guy
wielding custard bread?
Who the hell is
this retro protag?
Take your custard bread
and shove it, punk!
[MALE PROTAG]
Huh?!
Huh?
Shit! This game
is boring as shit!
[screaming]
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
I'm gonna set myself to
auto-tracking all day today!
[PIPIMI]
Hmh!
[POPUKO] Um, this way,
this way, um, um, um, um...
Right, right, right,
left, right, um, um...
This way, um, um, um, um...
Yup, yup, yup, yup, this way,
this way, that way, way,
some way, some way, some way.
Left, right, right, right...
Um, um, this way, yeah, this
way, um, um, uh, um, uh, uh...
Yep, yep, yep, yep...
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Right. Today, I'll do
the auto-tracking, 'kay?
Roger!
Okay, over here, buddy!
[PIPIMI]
Hup, hup.
Pipimi, no!
[PIPIMI]
Hup, Hup.
Pipimi, no!
Huh?
Pipimi, where are you?
Come back!
[PIPIMI]
Here.
[POPUKO]
Abeshi!
[BOTH grunting]
[BOTH]
Oh. Hello, there.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Team... Epic.
Daddy's gonna make
fried rice today!
Pour rice into the frying pan.
And sauté! Ha! Ho! Oh!
This is hard!
How do you like that?
This is my special fried rice!
Man, it looks good!
Down the hatch!
Heyo, Fried Rice Eats here.
Ohh...
[groans]
Mama said there'd
be days like this.
But this is what cooking's
all about, baby!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic. Ugh...
♪♪
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO grunts]
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO grunts]
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO grumbling]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Say, what do you
think you would do
with a sweet, sweet giant
lump of brown sugar?
What do you wanna do?
What do you wanna do...?
Bwat boo vuu banna boooo?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Great job today!
You, too! We definitely needed
a lot of energy for that.
[POPUKO laughs]
[PIPIMI chuckles]
Uh, listen, if we're
being honest here,
I don't think I
understood any of that.
Maybe that's what's
so great about it.
Sure.
It's been a while since
we've seen each other.
Do you think it went okay?
Uh, well, it was really
nostalgic, at least.
[PIPIMI]
Nosta-Nostalgic!
[POPUKO]
You really just said that.
I'm sure it's nostalgic
for the viewers, too.
Anyways, I'm so thankful
for this opportunity.
Exactly. It feels like we've
really come full circle.
Wait, what am I
saying, it's ending!
[BOTH laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Welcome to the Pop
Team Epic Night Show!
I'm with our guest,
the one and only Earth!
That's not right.
If the Earth is here,
what are we all standing on?
Finally pulled your head
out of your ass, I see.
This whole world's a sham.
A flim flam sham!
Kind of sounds like yam.
What?
[PIPIMI]
Flim flam yam.
Stop.
[PIPIMI] There's a story about
a strange bell on the cape.
It's said to appear just
once every summer.
And if two people were
to ring the bell,
they'd be bound
eternally in love.
[singing in Japanese]
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Our entrance ceremony is today,
which marks a whole
new chapter in my life.
My goal is to find myself
a wonderful boyfriend!
As if!
A real woman's gotta
focus on her studies
--if she wants to get ahead.
--Hey! Hey!
You tryin' to make us late?
[FEMALE PROTAG]
This rude dude is my friend.
Since childhood if
you can believe it.
I mean, it's not like either
of us had any choice.
Still, he's got nice face.
Too bad it comes with
his personality.
Hey, you in there?
Honestly, you're such a pain!
I feel sorry for
your future husband.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Okay, sorry.
I'll treat you to something
on the way home.
Like that means anything.
You already told me
you were out of money
for the month, remember?
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Oops. Looks like you got me.
I can't believe it.
We were almost late!
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Yeah, almost.
Which means we still
got here on time!
[thud]
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Ouch! Oh, I'm sorry!
Oh, God! He's hot!
It's all right.
Oh, no! You're hurt!
[FEMALE PROTAG] Oh, I'm fine.
No need to worry.
I'm sorry if my handkerchief
isn't to your tastes.
However, it should
stop the bleeding.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Right, bleeding.
You're certainly to my taste!
What's with that stupid grin?
Wait, you're--
Hey, I've seen you before.
You're on the rival racing team!
Man, this totally sucks!
Heh. Come now, there's
no need for that.
Seems you're as passionate off
the circuit as you are on.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Whoa, back up.
Don't tell me you
know this hottie!
Yeah, and?
Is he your type or something?
You've got shit taste.
[FEMALE PROTAG] Aww, is my
childhood friend jealous?
That's adorable.
Oh, my. What to do...
[bell rings]
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Really?!
Fate, why must you be so
cruel to me specifically?
Of all the hotties to be
the super popular student
council president,
why did have to be my hottie?
Now I've got my work
cut out for me.
Hi there!
[FEMALE PROTAG] Ugh! Who let
a middle school kid in here?
This is an adult
only institution!
Wow, real mature, you goof.
Here I thought you went
and forgot all about me!
[FEMALE PROTAG]
You're the goof.
Like I'd ever forget the face
of my precious underclassman.
Oh, you. It's nice to see
you're still the same.
So you nab a boyfriend yet?
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Shut your face!
That is highly
sensitive subject.
Well, you know, you could always
just wait another year,
then-- No, never mind.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Sorry. Did you say something?
[POPUKO] Nothing!
See ya later, spinster!
[FEMALE PROTAG]
That kid.
Shoot! I need to get
to the school store
before it gets packed!
No! I was too late.
They're sold out.
Well, that's on you.
We're feeding lots
of growing kids.
Maybe next time you could
try and get here on time!
[FEMALE PROTAG]
So mean!
If I end up starving to death,
I swear I'll come back as
a ghost and haunt you!
[PIPIMI] Excuse me.
Did you say you were hungry?
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Say what?
Whoa, someone likes gluten.
Did he really just get all
that bread just for himself?
Would you like some bread?
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Look, dude, I may be hungry,
but I'm not hungry enough
to take rando food from a rando.
[stomach growls]
Heh. I see. You're quite funny.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Seriously?
Come on, stomach,
why'd you have to go and
embarrass me like that?
Here. This one's my favorite.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
Wait, is this... custard bread?
They're good. See you later.
[FEMALE PROTAG]
"See you later"? Yeah.
I should pinch myself
because this day
is just too good to be true!
Not to jinx anything,
but it feels like my
rose-colored youth
is finally about to begin!
All right! Let's do this thing!
What?
Can you believe
they had the brass
to release an incomplete game?
What a bunch of tools.
Let's make them regret it.
First one to get it is
that mangaka jackass
who ran off with some chick
during production.
Then there's those King
Records jackasses
who did nothing but slack
off the whole time.
Yeah, you heard me.
You guys seriously blow!
And another thing!
Why don't those Takes hobo guys
just disappear or something?
Like, seriously, how can you
call yourselves publishers?
Now that's what I call a
shit game! 10 out of 10!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
I think I'll set myself to
auto-tracking all day today.
[PIPIMI]
Nice.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
Okay! I think today I'll be
the one doing auto-tracking.
'Kay!
Over here!
Pipimi?
Oh.
Not again!
Three for three?
Um...
Oh, my. Oh, dear. Oh. gosh.
Pipimi, where are you?
What the hell?!
[POPUKO]
What once was two is now...
[BOTH]
...overlayed!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Team... Epic.
Daddy's gonna make
fried rice today!
Pour rice into the frying pan.
And sauté! Ha! Ho! Oh!
This is hard!
How you like that?
This is my special fried rice!
Man, it looks good!
Down the hatch!
Heyo. Fried Rice Eats here.
Ohh...
[groans]
Mama said there'd
be days like this.
But this is what cooking's
all about, baby!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
♪♪
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO]
Urgh. Gah.
Um, excuse me,
could you please just...?
Thanks.
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO grunts]
[POPUKO]
Hey! Are you kidding me?
We just went through this!
[PHONE]
♪ You've got mail! ♪
[POPUKO screaming]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Say, what's something
you'd want to do
if you had a giant lump
of brown sugar?
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting! I'm waiting...!
[mumbling]
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Dude, that's my line.
[PIPIMI]
Oops!
Yo, great job today, David.
You, too, Gabe! Good job.
David really wanted to
tell you all something.
We're not sure what it is
or if it's worth hearing,
but he's got 35
seconds to say it.
Thirty-five seconds? Really?
Do you know how
far I had to drive
so I could be here
to record today?
Hey, hey, where are you going?
Don't abandon me in the booth.
All right, well,
this is happening.
Hi, everyone.
As I said, I'm David, and if
you haven't heard of me,
well, that's entirely
your fault.
For real, anime
is super huge now,
and so you should be
doing your homework.
Pop Team Epic is, like,
a hit show or something.
So, yeah, look us up,
or whatever.
I mean, I guess
I can forgive you
if you didn't know before hand,
but now you've got no excuse!